Chore: CRW-4043 adding brew.Dockerfile and readme explaining Dockerfiles (#247)
eclipse-che/che-machine-exec: build/dockerfiles/README.md

# Dockerfile Clarification

> **Dockerfile** is the Eclipse Che build file, intended to be used from the [eclipse-che/che-machine-exec](https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-machine-exec) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dockerfile** is the Eclipse Che build file, used in this repo to publish to [quay.io/eclipse/che-machine-exec](https://quay.io/repository/eclipse/che-machine-exec?tab=tags).
```

> **rhel.Dockerfile** is the build file for the [Red Hat OpenShift Devspaces](https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images/tree/devspaces-3-rhel-8/devspaces-machineexec) image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**rhel.Dockerfile** is the build file for the [Red Hat OpenShift Devspaces](https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images/tree/devspaces-3-rhel-8/devspaces-machineexec) image, which can be run locally.
```

> **brew.Dockerfile** is specifically for Red Hat internal brew builds and will be generally unusably otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**brew.Dockerfile** is specifically for Red Hat internal brew builds and will be generally unusable otherwise.
```
